[loki] Introduce new configuration syntax (#186)
grafana-community/helm-charts: charts/loki/USAGE.md

# Usage

## New Configuration Syntax

> Since Version 8.2.0, the loki helm chart offers a new configuration syntax. The new syntax is more consistent and easier to use. The old syntax is still supported, but it is recommended to switch to the new syntax.

Author: ```suggestion
Since Version 9.1.0, the loki helm chart offers a new configuration syntax. The new syntax is more consistent and easier to use. The old syntax is still supported, but it is recommended to switch to the new syntax.
```
